oh you guys fire cinnamon
yeah so I'm on the fires I just barely
all of these I'm gonna do unboxing those
watch my other video explain what I
bought okay back over here
um we're and this you're going to be
unboxing the phantom fireworks I'm gonna
call this one
some of you may be wondering why I'm
doing it again I'm actually doing again
just to get better quality with a camera
and so saw shaky and having a friend
record it so I'm a good calendar we'll
just get into it we're going to upload a
really cool video with me being an idiot
I launched the canister shell out of the
wrong size tube and I told you yeah I
know
I want to happen okay the again sequel
video let's just get into this we almost
died gonna I almost died sizeable this
opening this there's a cool stuff in
here and see a lid and everything first
off is a wolf pack one-third chicken
fire crackers don't vector overlap buy
another one two strips in there next we
have a pacifier X multicolor rocket pack
there's six rockets in there
these are really good next we have a
cosmic ray this is a floral cell 7-inch
and see you then
next we have to happiness balance you
seem to actually really awesome I have a
video on these to make sure check it out
yes we have three whistling Saturn
Jupiter missiles things are really loud
annoying they go pretty high I have a
vision on those to make a check we sure
checked out um dragons wrath found it's
really heavy and it's actually uh seems
pretty good I've little inoperable but I
don't know how it is
so you can try to engineer anything on
to UM
next we have two packs of wolf pack ball
rockets the good sticks that wolf packs
recently done I can see it's got their
new packaging for the bottle rockets so
who says moon travelers open this one
control oh you just broke it okay
whatever so two packs of those those are
actually improved from developments
there's a plane flying at night for
phantom Fox aerial spare actually you
have is believe six packs a jumping
jacks for phantom Barb's I have a tie
these I brought up shoe box full of them
give out people and we have two packs
morning lawyers from six pieces about
six pieces from pants barks these are
irregular sparklers they're the colorful
ones couple effects I know you've got
some and ninety eight crackers if you
want to blow your eardrums out hope
these to your ears and let them off yeah
there's three they're actually pretty
loud got a package normal time fire
scared blows that's something really
special there there's six in that pack
see next we have a twenty five shots at
and battery back to fire these are
really good I like these a lot
there's just 25 shots of whistling
bottle rockets next we have a 5 goal
will 6 5 ballroom candles from Fanta
fire these are really good I like these
a lot
I will need to next we have box of bang
snaps these aren't your fire Chi
religious the regular prophets then we
have 3 packs of supercharged wolf pack
ladyfingers and see there's 80 little
firecrackers in there
it's awesome I actually bought a little
bit of them there's 40 strips of age
little baby fibers next we have a fan of
large tank with report report on these
is like firecrackers that's really loud
I like them all next we have small
beasts I have a ton of these there's a
good kind of the Chinese brand I will
never hear that again another good kind
of the Chinese band just heard it again
okay next we have a probably the best
thing in here is a copper admiration kit
I can see the tubing there there's six
shells in there here's the FEC's red
wave Green Wave couple green PT yellow
blue Pini yellow away some glitter with
stars so that's pretty good so I got
this full assortment for $20 put the
bottle and get two free deal I went and
bought them at so this is bendy fire sub
number one number two on camera and
thanks for watching make sure you
comment like and subscribe